# Bath and North East Somerset Resource
Source: https://www.bathnes.gov.uk/report-concern-about-child
Tags: council, web, safeguarding, childrens-services
---

Report a concern about a child | Bath and North East Somerset Council Please enable JavaScript in your browser to use this page. Skip to main content Menu Header menu Home Services Service updates Pay for it Report it What's on Have your say Find my nearest Contact us ! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to use this page. You are here Home Children, young people and families Report a concern about a child Hide page Report a concern about a child ! Warning Call 999 if a child or young person is being abused, or is in immediate danger. Tell us immediately Tell us immediately about any of the following and open the relevant option for details on how to report your concern: A child is suffering significant harm You want to protect a child from abuse or serious neglect You feel the child requires urgent or short-term care (acute services) If you are a relative or a member of the public During office hours You can raise your concerns in any of the following ways: Call our Children’s Social Work Services on 01225 39 61 11 or 01225 47 79 29 (weekdays, 8.30am to 5pm, except Fridays when we're closed from 4.30pm) Drop into the Keynsham One Stop Shop and ask for the duty children's social worker Discuss your concerns with someone who works with children and families: Health visitor Social worker School nurse Teacher (all schools have a teacher responsible for child protection) Call our Disabled Children's team If you need to talk to us about a child with disabilities or additional needs, call us on 01225 39 69 67 , or email us at ChildCare_Duty@bathnes.gov.uk Text us if you have a hearing impairment If you're deaf or have a hearing impairment, please text 'EDT' with your name and message to 60066 and you'll be sent an immediate auto reply to confirm that your text has been received. One of our Emergency Duty Team officers will then send you a text message to discuss your concerns. This should happen within 30 minutes, although during busy periods it may take longer. Your texts should cost your standard network charge. Out of office hours If you think a child is in immediate danger please call our Emergency Duty Team on 01454 61 51 65 If you work with children or young people During office hours Report a concern about a child or young person online Contact our Disabled Children's team If you need to talk to us about a child with disabilities or additional needs, call us on 01225 39 69 67 , or email us at ChildCare_Duty@bathnes.gov.uk Text us if you have a hearing impairment If you're deaf or have a hearing impairment, please text 'EDT' with your name and message to 60066 and you'll be sent an immediate auto reply to confirm that your text has been received. One of our Emergency Duty Team officers will then send you a text message to discuss your concerns. This should happen within 30 minutes, although during busy periods it may take longer. Your texts should cost your standard network charge. Out of office hours If you think a child is in immediate danger please call our Emergency Duty Team on 01454 61 51 65 . Report all other concerns on our online form. Report a concern about a child or young person online Get help early to reduce possible risks Get help early on if: You're looking to get support for a child (or their family) before their needs escalate You're concerned about a child who has complex needs and other support hasn't worked Refer to our Threshold of needs matrix to see how different needs should be met. Get help early on More on children, young people and families Children's Centre services Request help with complex family issues Search for childcare and family services in BANES Search for local services for children and families with special educational needs and disabilities (SEND) Related to report a concern about a child B&NES Safeguarding website Downloads Threshold of needs matrix Accessibility Contact Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Use of AI technologies Cookies Copyright © 2025 Bath & North East Somerset Council Follow us on social media